There is something I want to confess to you
Actually, I'm not the one who moved bricks, you are
Let me take this. Hello?
Manager Zhao Nan
The plan you designed for Fengshi Group last week
Rejected
It says their boss doesn't think it's aesthetic.
Yellow is so unpopular.
So this month's bonus is gone?
Isn't that what they asked for in yellow?
Hey, they are fake houses, so I can't help it.
What happened?
Not that wind group boss
What a business wizard
I see a dog capitalist
Don't let me meet him
Otherwise, I will recognize him.
Well, forget about that unlucky person.
Didn't you just want to talk to me?
The unlucky person is me
Forget it, let's figure out what's going on first
Let's get a good identity
Nothing. I just want to know
Shin Shin knows that you are his biological mother
Will be very happy
I'm happy too.
All these years I thought he was gone
You don't know.
When I first saw the stars
How happy I am
I wish he could be my child
I want to go back and tell him about it.
Okay, let's go home, Zhou Zhou
Here we go.
Shin Shin
Come on.
Star, mother brought you a little doll
Do you like it or not?
Yes, I like it very much.
Thank you auntie
It's not Auntie, it's Mommy
Sorry star
Mommy was deceived by bad guys before
That's why I haven't been by your side for so many years
But never again, okay?
Star
We only found out today.
He's your real mommy.
Zhaozhao is also your brother
Yes, Daddy showed me the paternity test
Sister, I am your brother.
Same mother, same daddy's brother
Pretty aunt is mom